Install StorageOS v2 with Etcd (#31)
storageos/tutorials: install-storageos/010-install-etcd.md

StorageOS uses etcd to store its metadata. We will install etcd on node01 as systemd service. Check
https://docs.storageos.com/docs/prerequisites/etcd/ if you want a
production topology. The following method is based on the manual installation in the docs that's been automated with a script.

First, you need to add the ip of the ETCD host in the script file with this command.

`echo export ETCD_HOST=${ETCD_HOST} | cat - install-etcd.sh > temp && mv temp install-etcd.sh`{{execute}}

Then, you need to send the script to node01 to be able to execute it there.

> `scp install-etcd.sh node01:~/install-etcd.sh`{{execute}}

Reviewer: Friction alert! Let's try and accept that key automatically - -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ??

Then, you need to ssh into the node to execute the installation script.

> `ssh node01`{{execute}}

Reviewer: Why not combine these into one command? ssh node01 'bash -c ./install-etcd' or whatever.

Lastly, you execute the etcd installation script with the following command.

`bash install-etcd.sh`{{execute}}

The script will create all the necessary directories and configuration to run etcd on 1 node. This is only for testing purposes in this demo. It is recommended to have 3 etcd nodes for production and to provision them with a provisioning tool like Ansible. Check https://docs.storageos.com/docs/prerequisites/etcd/ for more information on how to do that.

> Now you need to go back to master to continue the demo. You can do that by pressing `CTRL + d` or typing `exit`{{execute}}. Once your terminal shows the current machine as master, you can continue to the next step of the demo.

Reviewer: Can we add an etctl health check incantation here? Let's show people how to check it's healthy and get them used to the output. Let's also call out that in real production scenarios we'd want to monitor health and defrag regularly, with a link to our docs.

> StorageOS uses etcd to store its metadata. First we will install a cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
StorageOS uses etcd to store its metadata. First we will install an etcd cluster
```

> using the etcd operator. Which is used sole for testing purposes. Check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using the etcd operator. Which is used solely for testing purposes. Check
```

https://docs.storageos.com/docs/operations/external-etcd/ if you want a
production topology.

Install etcd using the shell script.

`./deploy-etcd.sh`{{execute}}

The script creates the `etcd` Namespace, deploys the etcd operator and creates

> a cluster with one node only. Production clusters shall have either 3 or 5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an etcd cluster with one node only. Production clusters should have either 3 or 5
```
